# exercise
1. 输入代码
```python
from sys import argv #从sys module 导入argv （list）

script,filename = argv #通过argv获取filename

txt = open(filename)#通过open打开文件
print(f"Here's your file {filename}:")#输出你这是你的文件
print(txt.read())#阅读文件内容，同时输出内容
print("Type the filename again:")#再一次打开文件
file_agin = input(">")#文件名通过input输入
txt_again = open(file_agin)#打开文件
print(txt_again.read())#输出文件内容
```
  - Hard coding” means putting some bit of information that should come from the user as a string directly in our source code
    - 软编码可以在运行时确定，修改；而硬编码是不能够改变的
    - 可以根据参数的名字变化的编码就是软编码，硬编码不能根据参数进行变化
    - filename就是软编码，ex15_sample.txt就是硬编码
# study drills

1. Above each line, write out in English what that line does.

2. If you are not sure, ask someone for help or search online. Many times searching for “python3.6 THING” will find answers to what that THING does in Python. Try searching for “python3.6 open.”
  - [open\(\) returns a file object, and is most commonly used with two arguments: open\(filename, mode\)](https://docs.python.org/3.3/tutorial/inputoutput.html)
    - f.close()
    - f.read()
    - f.readline()
    - f.write(string)
    - f.seek(offset, from_what)
3. I used the word “commands” here, but commands are also called “functions” and “methods.” You will learn about functions and methods later in the book.

4. Get rid of the lines 10-15 where you use input and run the script again.

5. Use only input and try the script that way. Why is one way of getting the filename better than another?
```python
filename = input(">")
txt = open(filename)#通过open打开文件
print(f"Here's your file {filename}:")#输出你这是你的文件
print(txt.read())#阅读文件内容，同时输出内容
print("Type the filename again:")#再一次打开文件
file_agin = input(">")#文件名通过input输入
txt_again = open(file_agin)#打开文件
print(txt_again.read())#输出文件内容
```
6. Start python3.6 to start the python3.6 shell, and use open from the prompt just like in this program. Notice how you can open files and run read on them from within python3.6?

 7. Have your script also call close() on the txt and txt_again variables. It’s important to close files when you are done with them
    - When you’re done with a file, call **f.close()** to close it and free up any system resources taken up by the open file. After calling f.close(), attempts to use the file object will automatically fail
